Metting 150.md (#682)
ethereum/pm: AllCoreDevs-Meetings/Meeting 150.md

# Ethereum Core Devs Meeting #150 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: 2022-Nov.-24- 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 01:47:28
### Audio/Video of the Meeting: [Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HX_Zr_gVeOE)
### Moderator: Tim Beiko

> 

Reviewer: ### Agenda: https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/662

# **Summary:**

> - We discussed the state of testnets and what to do with them going forward. Only specific decision is agreeing to fully shut down Ropsten by EOY. Broader testnet proposal to be discussed here: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/proposal-predictable-ethereum-testnet-lifecycle/11575 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client's team agreed to fully shut down Ropsten by EOY. Broader testnet proposal to be discussed here: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/proposal-predictable-ethereum-testnet-lifecycle/11575 
```

> - We went over the EIPs we've been discussing for a while now and discussed which should be moved to CFI... and what CFI means! No strong consensus on the latter, "definition" is here (https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/tree/master/network-upgrades#definitions). With 4844 and EOF (all 5 EIPs) being on devnets already, they've been moved to CFI. For 4758, people wanted to see a better elaboration of the ways to deal with contract breakage before moving it to CFI. 2537 was also moved to CFI... but it's been CFI'd since Berlin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client teams went over the EIPs under discussion for a while now. No strong consensus on "what CFI means", "definition" is here (https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/tree/master/network-upgrades#definitions). With 4844 and EOF (all 5 EIPs) being on devnets already, they've been moved to CFI. For 4758, people wanted to see a better elaboration of the ways to deal with contract breakage before moving it to CFI. 2537 was also moved to CFI... but it's been CFI'd since Berlin. 
```

> - After that, we discussed what should be the scope of Shanghai and when it should happen. Hardest part to summarize given the diverging views, but there is strong (unanimous?) consensus that withdrawals should happen ASAP, and if we add anything alongside them in the fork, the delays to Shanghai should be minimal. Teams felt like a March fork with withdrawals should be possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The scope of Shanghai and when it should happen:  Hardest part to summarize given the diverging views, but there is strong (unanimous?) consensus that withdrawals should happen ASAP, and if we add anything alongside them in the fork, the delays to Shanghai should be minimal. Teams felt like a March fork with withdrawals should be possible. 
```

> - On next week's CL call, we'll discuss more how CL teams feel 4844 might affect withdrawal timelines 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On next week's CL call, client's devs will discuss more how CL teams feel 4844 might affect withdrawal timelines 
```

- On the next ACD (which will be the last one of 2022!), we'd like to get a final list of EIPs we can include alongside withdrawals. 

> - And, lastly, we have a withdrawal devnet live! We'll make sure to cover the status of withdrawals in more depth on the next call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A withdrawal devnet is live! The status of withdrawals will be covered in more depth on the next call.
```

> Moderator: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[1:03](https://youtu.be/HX_Zr_gVeOE?t=84)
**Tim Beiko:**
* Welcome, everyone to All core devs 150. A lot to cover today on the call. The high level really only a couple of main buckets. So we've been wanting to talk about test nets and their status for a while, and it always keeps getting bumped out. So I think it probably makes sense to just take like 5 min at the start to to just discuss this real quick. Then main thing to cover is Shanghai, and and how we're organizing that and I suspect that'll take us probably the entire call. If we, if we do have some time at the end, there is still some engine Api stuff, as well as some execution specs and testing discussion to cover and its worth noting there's only 2 All Core Devs left this year. So there's today in December 8th. The other one is like 2 days before Christmas, so we'll skip that one and and resume in January. And so this is the second to last All Core Devs we'll be doing this year. And yeah, Happy Thanksgiving to anyone in the Us. I guess. Okay, to start with the test net bit.  Do you want to give some context here?

> # 1. Agenda Item1 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1. Ropsten sunset date (and testnet sunsetting generally)
```
